Kanjivaram sorry zoos class and elegance
if you are a lover of the classic
Kanjivaram sorry let me show you a
collection made of real gold it won't
just define your style and fashion sense
it will also be an asset that will last
forever
take a look
can't even I'm sorry that a favorite
among women of all ages and everybody
wants to own one special sorry for your
wedding what better than owning one of
these saris made of 100% 24 karat gold
Zuri
this 24 karat gold sorry sorry is the
perfect choice for every bride-to-be it
is not just a fancy buy it is short an
investment that will remain with you for
life generation of the generation
Europe saris our favorite for men of all
ages and tongue needy we have a very
special sari which is made out of 24
carats er sorry both using for the weft
and for the vApp actually and normally
any other Kanchipuram saris we will be
using only silicones but in this
particular sorry we are using the puri
that is a speciality and and it is a
perfect choice for any bride-to-be and
now this being their very season and all
the brides would want to look up very
great on I mean to be perfect on their
wedding day so they would this would be
the right choice these are woven using
girls re in the wrap as well as in the
West normally any other country where
I'm sorry's have woven using silk yarn
on both the sides this kanji where I'm
sorry is going using 100% pure body and
it gives you the appearance of greater
ornamental value and suited for bridal
wear the speciality of this real sorry
saris that the value of these saris
would only increase with the value of
gold and silver over time and the value
would increase Allah I mean it would
only increase with the value increasing
of gold and silver the saree value would
always go up like gold and silver that
is the speciality of the side should be
anywhere between fifty thousand to two
lakhs at depending upon the design and
the intricacy of the sari that has been
consumed in doing this sorry yeah if
you're buying an ornament like a nose
ring or alluring or a necklace whatever
it is it is only an accessory but
whereas the sari is the main garment
which is sure I mean which is very
visible on a bride so investing in saris
not at all
I mean as anybody thinks is not a waste
it's really you are supposed to invest
because this is the real garment the
full comment WaterSeal than any small
piece of gold what you're buying
a small piece of jewelry itself costs a
lakh these days and their visibility is
very limited a sari like this will only
give you that grand appeal even with
minimum jewelry so a wedding an occasion
or just love for Kanjivaram sarees this
hundred percent goals are in saris a
must have in your wardrobe
it would only add to your assets nabil
often use nine